16. Scope of bean
It is single bean definition made to the spring bean.

singleton-If the scope is singleton then spring container will create only one instance of bean and same instance is used for all request of that bean.

prototype-If the scope is prototype then spring container will create 
new instance for every request made.

@Scope
It is class level annotation.It must be used along with @Component.
It specifies the scope of objects for the specified class.
By default, the spring framework creates exactly one object for component class,which means by default component class is a singleton class.
If we want to change the scope of the class to allow multiple objects to be created ,then we need to set the scope value as prototype.
@Scope(value="prototype")

-----------------------------------------------------

17. Interface dependency Injection
It is a type of dependency injection where interface is used to inject the dependencies (implementation class of an interface is used to inject the dependency).

Steps:
Create an interface
Create implementation class
Create spring config class
Create Driver class

---------------------------------------------------
18. 

When we have reference dependency of interface and used @Autowired on it,Spring container will create object of its impementation class and do the dependency injection.

When we have 2 implementation class for same interface here it will lead to NoUniqueBeanDefinitionException.

To avoid this we use @Primary annotation on any one of the implementation class.

@Primary is class level annotation used to prioratize one implementation class to inform spring container to inject object to interface type dependency. 
------------------------------------------------------------

19. @Bean

it is method level annotation.

When we predefined class whoes object has to be created by spring container then we cannot add @Component on that predefined class.

Hence in config class we create a method which returns me that predefined class
object.On that method we specify @Bean.
So the spring container will understand to take object from config class and do the dependency injection.
